New Entry and Terms: Java `StringBuilder` (#870)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/stringbuilder/terms/toString/toString.md

---
Title: '.toString()'

> Description: 'Returns a String object representing the character sequence currently in the StringBuilder.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a String representation of the character sequence currently in a given StringBuilder.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Characters'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.toString()`** method returns a [String](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/strings) object representing the character sequence currently in the `StringBuilder`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.toString()`** method returns a [`String`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/java/strings) representation of the character sequence currently in a given `StringBuilder`.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
myStringBuilder.toString();
```

The `.toString()` method takes no arguments.

## Example

> The following example creates a `StringBuilder` with a specified `String`, manipulates it, then uses `.toString()` to print the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates a `StringBuilder` with a specified `String`, manipulates it, then uses `.toString()` to print the results:
```
